here we go three two one
and we're live Tony Hinchcliffe
hello Jake the fucking snake I can't
believe it man what do you know Joe I
never heard it before
I've heard a couple times I've heard hey
Joe I heard you shot your old lady down
yeah I gotta tell you man I watched you
documentary last night and it's
fantastic appreciate it is if that thing
doesn't bring tears to you I you need to
go to a doctor yeah you're not human man
no doubt that is Dallas is a fucking
Saint he really is hard-headed you know
without it I'd never made it yeah cuz
you know what junkies and I like to lie
a lot you know an alcoholics do too but
it was a tough tough road man and he
guided me through it
he's amazing never gave up and I can
never thank him enough for what he's
done for me and I give him our life back
not only my life of my family I've got
my kids back they're all digging me now
I'm a great grandfather probably the
best grandfather ever you know I'm just
saying cause it's true
Lyle picks anybody up the detailing of
your recovery though and him taking you
in - what does he call his house that
house the the audibility house
accountability crib yeah yeah I mean
he's a special guy
it is understand I mean no man in his
right mind would bring one much less two
drunks into their home you know you got
to expect tragedy there's gonna be
something come bad out of this and he
was able to hold us together man I mean
ever a couple of brief moments that does
that kind of escalated and got kind of
stupid but you wouldn't give up man well
I got to know Dallas when he came on the
podcast and one thing you get about him
is this guy he he's not just about
himself like he is really about helping
people out he gets a buzz yeah yeah and
which is to me is just so amazing and
I've picked that up off him I search
people out now in the crowd
are having a hard time walking or you
see something going on or they were over
waiting all night and you know I'm
sewing son it gets me in yes in the name
Jake the snake I can talk to them hey
you ever thought trying some DDP yoga
man because it works yeah if you've
never done it DDP yoga is without a
doubt the number one thing out there for
getting nothing makes your body healthy
makes your mind healthy you know and for
him to be out there he's just a soldier
yeah he really is he pushes all day long
man and here's a guy that they could be
handling in a totally different way but
he still picks up a phone and call
somebody and thinks we're buying the
program yeah L does that right what does
design he does because he wants to know
and the next thing you know he's been on
the 25-minute phone call and they're
sending him photos of the before picture
and then he wants to look at an after
picture you know six months from now the
story you got a million of them we put
that story we played a video when he was
in of a gentleman who was the
paratrooper yeah I could barely walk I
mean he had done a bunch of paratrooper
missions you know parachuting out of
planes and landing on his knees his
knees are destroyed legs destroyed backs
destroyed everything's fucked up but he
starts out barely can stand barely can
walk to games yeah two kings by the end
of the video this guy's run him he's
running he's doing full yoga poses these
animal incremental steps incremental
steps but he kept getting better kept
getting better kept getting better and
that is it's so symbolic of like your
journey in life if you just decide to
give up and decide to just fuck the
world I'm just gonna just eat and drink
myself and deliver being you have been
there you could talk about that stay
there a long time man but then you turn
it around but that's that's I fucking
love that my story's like yeah but it's
a one a million shot man unless you have
a Diamond Dallas Page in your corner
right because it wasn't only about
Dallas helping me it was the whole group
right see Dallas you know he came up
with the idea him enough Steve
you as a business manager whatever and
they said look you know we're gonna
bring you back through this we're gonna
film the whole thing I don't know about
that because I got burnt bad in the film
here while back you may just cut me a
new one man they lied to me and you know
anyway it happens film this whole thing
and at the end of it if we put it
together and you don't like it'll never
go out really you're gonna give me that
right you're gonna invest this money and
this time because we stayed there for
three and a half years cuz it took me
that long to get clean that's amazing
you know I couldn't go in for six months
I've done that I've given going for four
months I've done that all the time I
went in for four months man I go across
the stage you get my diploma
so to speak from finishing this course
I'm being in rehab for four months I go
out the other side pick up a pay phone
and call my dealer he meets me outside
the damn door man big rock you know in a
stem thank you I made it but that's the
insanity the disease
yeah the disease will let you sit in a
place for three or four months and not
touch you won't even come knocking on
your door so it knows right now you're
locked in you're gonna do this but it's
over there doing push-ups in the corner
man waiting on your ass get away from
these idiots over here teaching you bad
habits Jake I'm gonna get you where you
need to be and that was the thing of
being there for that long period of time
what was the feeling like when you did
slip up oh yeah just a couple of times
four or five times I did yeah boy it was
horrible I wanted to die cuz not only
did I feel like I let myself down I let
him down and that really sucked
cuz yours a guy there's opened up his
wallet and said you come live with me
don't worry about your damn bills I'll
take care of excuse me old I'm damn sure
in now he'll you have talked twice about
this scram oh yeah I'm moving in with
you both you're gonna pay all my bills
man well I get healthy God everyone
fellas gonna take three years Wow let's
see he would take you know like if he
had to go do a con or go do some music
you know go to go to the movie or
something
he had people that work for DDP yoga
specifically Garrett and a young kid
named Dylan who I really got the kid
messed up you know because he had to
share a room with me
I don't wear clothes kind of freaky
here's his old wrestler that I've
idolized for years and I'm seeing his
junk yeah Oh gray hair and everyone's
joke as well I'm seeing a snake in the
back I accidentally bent over picking
something up right there by his bed I
had no idea my asshole was in his mouth
oh but yeah Dylan he lived through some
horrible things and Garrett did too but
Dallas always made sure I was taken care
of you know he whatever he had to do the
first thing you had to do was take care
of Jake he put me first I didn't expect
that
well the Solidarity in the the
camaraderie that you guys all have and
Razor Ramon as well when you guys are
all in on a house together like the
experiences that you guys shared working
together and then still in life you know
you guys have a bond that's very very
it's it's very hard for most people they
can get yeah you know it's like it's
like guys that are you know in the
service together and there's just
something becomes they become brothers
in one no and with Dallas you know the
thing about him was he's never went down
that addiction in that addiction road I
used to run night clubs but he never
became an alcoholic he's a freak piss on
him screw you got a better car than I
did okay I get that but I like my cards
now man my cards now are awesome my life
is so good too to go from hell that's
where I was at man you have no idea what
it's like to wake up and be angry that
you woke up because you didn't want you
want to eat wanted to be over and
there's been so many years that were
like that for me that I wouldn't go out
shopping unless it was 3:00 a.m. I
didn't want anybody to see me because I
got to the point I hated myself so much
I'm begging God to die when I would hear
another wrestler had died I'd get angry
at God and curse
for not taking me instead when Piper
died we were just talking about rowdy
before the show started man I was so
pissed off but he got to go before I did
you know and that's just wrong man
I mean even when I tried to OD a couple
of times you know really tried I took a
hundred valium
Jesus Christ under Jim milligram valium
woke up it's all I've done is puking
myself and I said what a fucking loser
you are you can't even die right you're
a piece of shit what kind of mine says
that so mine is the torture that people
put themselves through be an addict
people get to be had the wrong idea
about this shit man anything
yeah they're out there getting fucked up
man they're happy no we're not no we're
not happy we're not enjoying getting
high I could enjoying getting high
thirty years ago but the problem was I
live without it I mean I would feel like
my heart was gonna burst I couldn't
breathe I was scared to go anywhere
shit was it hot was it everything or
anything like what what what was drawn
what was pulling you what drug yeah what
was it booze was it for me it was more I
was there more everything
hey I'm lucky I didn't get in in the
heroin you know I probably wouldn't have
beat that one but yeah I would because
that's this is what I'm meant to be
doing right now
but to go through 25 30 years of doing
cocaine that's amazing you know I think
this big man for affording me my
addiction because without it I'd be in
prison somewhere cuz I would have killed
somebody for my drug know I was out of
doubt I would have you know knifed him
whatever man you guys an Eightball watch
this done life meant nothing to me man
and he gives to a point where you put
yourself in such a dark hole there is no
life none at all and it takes somebody
as special you couldn't send me to rehab
right then I'm gonna work kind of I'd
have been out in minutes even when
Dallas offered me to pay the whole trip
and you'll move in with him when feed
you the best damn food on the planet
we're gonna get you healthy really get
the bullshit out of your system
I'm like yeah yeah yeah I'm gonna last
about a week no good I knew me and I'm
like dude if I make it a week I'm gonna
be doing good because at the time I
couldn't do 24 hours nothing okay Wow
if you wanted me to get up out of bed
bring me some cocaine yeah Wow
that's where I was at because life was
too ugly to want to go out there when
did it start did it start when you're
pro wrestling career started or not
before then uh no the cocaine and
alcohol alcohol was always I mean I
started drinking when I was 11 or 12
whoa
my grandfather was an alcoholic drug
addict slash drug addict this started
with an oil field accident he got his
legs crushed and he refused to have his
legs cut off so he stayed in hospital
for 18 months well back in the 1920s the
way that they fixed you was let it heal
then we break it you know that's what
they did they didn't put bars and metal
in there to straighten it out they let
it healed and they debris break in a
different way oh and they kept him a
dick kept him on morphine for a year and
a half was the end of the year and had
they patted him on the back see you he
had a little itch going out there Jimmy
yeah after that he could walk so it
worked but it took to a point until
you're hooked up on morphine which back
then it wasn't like today you don't any
corner right he went to hell gone
I remember in the 60s which is 40 years
later they not trusting him to come to
the doctor's office where they didn't
trust him to take the pill the bill the
pill being um what you call keep you
from drinking
antabuse you take an antibiotic but it's
a peated i mean i've drank on an abuse
when it's been like two days since i've
had the bill i have a drink you have no
idea how scary that shit is because
immediately you start throwing up and
you start pissing and shitting your
pants
it happens that quick and then you have
sort of the sweats and all this and you
wind up on the floor doing the
heebie-jeebies man that's how strong an
abuse is well they didn't even trust him
to take the pill they said no no you
take a taxi to the doctor's office and
we'll give you a shot cuz we know you're
not gonna take that pill so you do that
every morning I need to go outside and
get in the same taxi and because we
lived in a dry County he would take that
same taxi over to the next county and
get a fifth of whiskey drink it before
he got home now the rest of his day
spent shitting and puking
Wow but yet tomorrow are you gonna do
the same thing oh my god that's the hell
you know I was doing the dirty I'm doing
the coping stuff man I'm hating myself
the whole time I do it I'm not getting
high anymore and I can't put it down I
can't turn away from it cuz there's hope
in that what's the hope for no more pain
so just that it numb no more shame you
know shame is something you put on
yourself you know you can't shame me man
I have to do it myself though man it was
there man and because I went through
some ugly shit as a kid being sexually
molested my sister being molested too
and then my sister kidnapped and
murdered and we got all these things
thrown in there and I was hating myself
because I didn't protect my sister
better hmm you know just you know life
happens what do you do with it
that's one of the things that Dallas
preaches you know
you got all this stuff out there man
it's gonna come at you I just want you
to do with it that counts you know you
don't deflect it no you bring it to you
you chew it up you spit it out you slept
sit through the bullshit and you go on
it's something I couldn't do because
things got personal with me and I would
lock down god shut up cuz that's how I
handle things I just didn't talk about
it when you've been sexually molested
there is no good moment man and that
screwed my head up and it still messes
with my head I desperately desperately
want to have a relationship with a woman
you know a true relationship finally
it's 63 because I did have relationships
before but I was constantly sabotaging
them because I didn't trust women those
was the last one she raped me and beat
me and threatened me and told her my dad
killed me because you know my dad was
seven foot and weighed 425 pounds so he
could get the job done I just wanted my
dad to be proud of me so all these
things are factoring yeah even quiet
while the wife beats me and made me do
her and then beats me half towards dude
sex ain't sex if you're doing it like
that that's called rape and that shit
screws your head up for life now what do
you do with it well as a kid I hid that
shit man I stuffed it away I didn't talk
about that are you kidding me when I
said be the first time talking about it
to a high school buddy of mine he's
you're so fucking lucky man you're your
stepmothers still fucking hot she was on
she's 22 years old
cuz my father's a child molester for
Christ's sake of course she was hot but
it wasn't hot to me because that's my
mom no and then the beatings afterwards
that's fucking confuses you the only
shit going man so you start looking for
a way out and for me as a kid my
grandfather would get drunk and forget
where he hid his liquor because he had
to hide it from her grandmother cuz she
knew what he was
she dealt with it for 50 years so every
time she found a bottle on the farm
she'd break it and that's it
so he and I didn't I'm checking my house
different places
well me and my buddies from across the
street would go out and find it lovely
long eleven years old then we got smart
started selling into the other
neighborhoods yes yeah make a buck that
was my beginning with drinking man and
you know as time goes on man you start
smoking weed in the pills what else is
next because I'm still not forgetting
I'm still remembering this shit and you
go out and you try to have a good time
with people and then you realize
something's different than you because
drugs that put you to sleep wake me up
you know
Downers wake me up like how some are you
you give me five percocet brother I'll
bring a case of beer and dance all night
for you really go out and have three or
four wrestling matches let's go to the
if I take when I mess my neck up in 89
when I hear the guitar when I wonder
you're the gym my regimen was to wake up
go downstairs starts coffee maker thanks
to men ten milligram percocet balm in my
mouth chew him up and wash him down with
coffee then hit the gym Jesus I loved it
because I was on fire man plus the
purpose that made me a little gnarly
made me want to punch in really so you
get a good workout anything good from
percocet yeah that's how screwed up my
wiring is that is so you don't get any
drug and they'll tell you their wine
yeah things that make you go to sleep
wake me up things that wake you up put
me to sleep
so the pain of pro wrestling which is
probably one of the most brutal
professions that the person can embark
on right and think about all the days
that you were on the road all the many
many matches all that physical pain
probably justified the drugs
even more didn't care he didn't care
about the I don't I I felt no pain my
arrest none
afterwards no I was wrestling in a guy
in Louisiana Ernie the cat lad remember
him playing for the AFL San Diego
Chargers he's in the Hall of Fame
football and wrestling he was six nine
three fifty bad ass son of a bitch but
back then they had chopped box and he
had like 15 knee surgeries and I was
into his career but we were wrestling
and my bone came out of my arm compound
fracture and he goes kid your arm I'm
like yeah I see it it's gone he's like
what get away from me and I'm trying to
get to him and he starts puking on me
fuck you bone dude come on this finish
the match you pick up a bunch of shit
and six foot nine yeah you finish off
your opponent by having him nasty
smelling shit to him but I was fine
that's Annie Walker you know I was
sitting there and I was always saying
this is a strange thing that I blow all
the bone oh it feels cold whoa holy fuck
holy fuck then you felt it the
Adrenaline's gone right you've been in
the ring you know what's going on hurts
it feels good in fact you know I would
have thought that you would look at the
bone ago oh I gotta handle this now what
did you wrestle fucked up
no I wrestled straight know how straight
bird watch you know I've been going
through withdrawals at the time but I
know I didn't drink her yes before
before match and I didn't like it but I
did it that way because it's my and
my thing is another wrestler to take
care of my opponent I noticed that after
if I have like a fun set or something
like that doing stand-up comedy that I
like to have like if it went if I tried
something new and it went extra good I
like to have an extra drink or two that
night would it be like that for you and
wrestling would you get more messed up
it was like Madison Square Garden early
you know right go sleep was such a
premium back then seven days a week well
except for Saturday and Sunday then we
arrested twice on Saturday twice on
Sunday Jesus like you might do the LA
Coliseum at 2:00 o'clock car and drive
to San Diego Wow the next day you might
be an Omaha two o'clock and you'd be in
Des Moines at 7 o'clock and you're
driving all this but yeah you know you
fly you drive well with me made it even
worse because I got a drag that fucking
snake everywhere 80 pound box of shit
right be like trying to carry this
around with a bad back over there hey
folks out there pray for him man he's
over there moving he's making fun of
young Jamie and Jamie as a minor in fact
it's very difficult to talk about
injuries when you're around Jason it's
only before when I first got here is
like I pulled my back the other day but
I don't want to mention it in front of
Jake the snake cause it's embarrassing
this should be Tori's man tore his
mangina he sneezed and tore his mangina
it was a horrible scene he's a good man
I will not stand here while you
disparage himself
Shelby's always now the snaked it was a
snake a problem when you would get on
planes and check could you keep it
secret or would they let you on the
plane with it I never said anything to
anybody it just brought it no I just put
it in a trunk I'm gonna put a blanket
around the bag and then lock the truck
you carry it honor with you check that
check it Wow that poor fuck it's a yeah
things like why is it so cold in here
well because sure 40,000 feet off the
ground you don't goddamn noise well the
thing is you laugh about it it's like
wait a minute I gotta trade this snake
out after 10 days yeah they can't take
it I'm like really so a fucking snake
can't live through the fucking
scheduling but yet I'm asked to do 90
fucking days straight so you had
different snakes yeah yeah about every
10 days what used to be funny people say
you're buying Damien like if you notice
that Damien some weeks is my foot
shorter than melamine it's not shrinkage
honey yeah so you're seven days a week
would go on for the whole year goddamn
they just worked you yeah we wrestled
Steamboat 93 days straight and about I
need 60 days in I had to call my wife
here come take me around because I've
gotten dumbed down to the point that I
couldn't think so I get to the airport
know that they want tickets but I have
no idea where they're at and I can't
read anymore
Oh God look at stuff to read but it just
wouldn't we wouldn't work so I just had
a big fuckin from exhaustion Wow
you just get so beat up man your body's
hurting so bad people say steroids man
we were taking steroids just to try to
get healthy heal
right that's what the shit was invented
for your recovery yeah you know that's
they invented in war too I believe is
what the story was it for the prisoners
of war because they didn't want the
American soldiers to come home looking
like they did so they put him on slow
fucking boats and fed him for three
months and guys put on 30 40 pounds they
say there would have been another war if
they'd have brought those troops home
coming from concentration camps for the
Germans or the Japanese and we'd have
seen the way they were and of course now
that you can see some of those little
films of the way the Jews looked for
them they were being slaughtered and
everything and just
back of bones it that they didn't want
to bring those troops home so they
invented steroids it started popping
everybody with that shit
Wow can bring them back but we did it
really just the drive to you was it hard
to get them right well did they help you
get him what no one say right help me
but I will tell you this okay
what they would do is we would get
booked in Hershey Pennsylvania now when
somebody told me this story first I'm
like this is an old wives tale because
shit like that normally happen you get
get the talent down Hershey you go the
locker room sudden somebody said they
need to see you in locker room three
what the fuck did I do
let's not go in there and there's this
doctor there and you got suitcases over
here boxes here suitcases your boxes
there what do you need kid
excuse me what do you need up down what
were you asleep
Oh Halcyon those are good I'll take how
many gonna get pennies up want 300 you
got it right here Wow
steroids yeah absolutely and what do you
got a grocery shop and it used to be
funny because the guys with all AJ Cobb
gonna carry my shit for me who would be
going on in Canada I'm like sure it's
gonna cost you a percentage of your shit
give me 10% of what you got I'll carry
it across the border for Jesus Christ so
Venus roll the dice I got eight or ten
guys I'm getting all their shit where am
I in the snake bag for cryin out loud
you put that in the bottom of the snow
ones riding with that bag no and you get
over there and they go check the back go
right here brother i'ma tell you right
now I'm moving back well you moving back
for because that motherfuckers pissed he
hasn't eaten in three weeks and he's a
little army well if he does bite you
when it well when he does bite you
try the whole steal uh hold still
yeah because if you jerk is gonna rip
your flesh which is true right if you
know they tell you the snake bite you
whatever you did it on jerk away excuse
me sir your Rottweilers chewing on my
asshole
please kindly remove no you jerk and you
fight to get away did you did you use
different kinds of snakes too though
right yeah I use pythons and cobras when
you use the Cobra did you they defang
them yeah damn it
they had lady venom eyes damn I didn't
even think so they had they don't have
fangs Oh puh coke cobras don't have
fangs they have teeth oh really
yeah it really sucks so they bite you no
matter what it's like there's like chew
and you know if you ever fished and
caught a catfish let me feel the spiny
mouth right that's what their bite felt
like but it doesn't matter what it feel
like is what it looks like and there's a
girls are over there and the viewers
don't know that at all especially when
you're a little boy watching it I mean
the Saturday morning that you sicked it
on Macho Man Randy Savage perfected an
entire generation nut I've ever got I
own there's no doubt I mean it affected
me so deeply as I can't this is if I'm
ever laying around with a girl and I'm
having a little problem in the woodsy
Department you know it happens at 63 ah
you put that on you know and I put the
video on damn straight man Wow holy shit
this is literally the ultimate bad guy
putting a snake on a good guy I mean
look at the look on that kids face in
the corner shove the finger up his ass
or sighs that kid goddamn heart attack I
bet you had a heart rate monitor on him
you
I had a conversation with one of my good
friends Pete you know Pete when he saw
this you have a good friend we push no
one asked but check out this is the kind
of quality friend I have dealer when he
saw this is when I when he saw this as a
kid all in the same day that I saw it he
ran away from hope it freaked him out so
badly when you put this snake on macho
man's arm he packed it he didn't even
have anywhere to go
he ended up coming home later that night
after it got cold
he packed a bag and just left how old
was he
oh geez I mean I got it probably
probably probably I would guessed you
know 11 12 something like that 300 kids
irate that day because Jake right oh no
let me tell you the real story on this
whole love yeah all right here's how it
really went down I've been waiting 30
years I've done with the Python because
that motherfucker's day the truth is
killing me you know wait a hundred
pounds and then he would bite me and
then it would be 30 40 stitches that was
30-something stitches there on it really
yeah oh my god got the vein actually
committed suicide that night look at
that shit it's cool it I mean this man
just handles it better bite I'm not
Irish down there he's genuine watch
you're doing a great job yeah fuck you
look at that thing sinking its fuckin
teeth into him and then the little
stream of blood comes through that was
the final couldn't get a moose oh my
gosh struggle to get blood finally I had
to pry his mouth open to get him off and
by the way this is on a Saturday morning
so it's this you flip the channel it's a
little old-school cartoons that weren't
even like entertaining you know what I
mean and then there's this chaos on
another channel and it's so obviously
real oh yeah it's so obviously the
players were Piper's terrified of snakes
well if he wasn't before the piper
pulled a gun on me one time over snake
really yeah what happened I snuck up by
him with a snake and he fucking heard me
he's jacking with yeah you know what
you're fucking doing you don't even get
his fucking pistol and pull right
motherfucker I'll kill you ok I get it
guy was shaking man Jesus that's real
tears the store here's the story I'm in
the locker room behaving myself
minding of soul I believe I was cleaning
the washcloths you know black boards off
and I'm making it nice for everybody and
macho walks in easily or any brother I'm
gonna do it tonight against the story
it's fucking going around we're gonna
get down and do it
yeah dude sounds great like we're gonna
take a little business burst what about
the snake yeah has he been fixed or not
you mean poisonous yeah that might be
the fucking problem I didn't like Randy
of course he's been back together maybe
he hasn't maybe he hasn't stranger
things have happened in the WWE somebody
wants to macho man Intercontinental
heavyweight championship fucking rest is
history
March is dead stage the champ I'm like
dude are you fucking Jake I'm just
telling you this he has to bite you now
oh like what he goes if that we gotta go
at it right now me and you and he's up
in my fucking face with his fists and
I'm fuck man what the fuck is wrong with
you
fucking games so I got to sneak out man
my cheese sauce
any special place you wanted to bite me
like my deck he's like anywheres good
how about the leg I'm like fine
so I got the Cobra out and I pulled my
pant leg up shimming him a little bit
and stuck my leg up here and he fucking
bit me
you know three or four seconds let's go
March is like you know this fucking shit
there I want to see the boys you go
through your body find me after about
Jim minutes he's like guess you're gonna
be you know I'm sorry I didn't fucking
make you happy you know I'm gonna died
if I don't die die yeah easily no game
with your night Buller me a fever once
this week let's bill with me bringing
back me want you hooking back up again
want this idea to fucking I make us both
some fucking big money yeah can you dig
it dig it all right we're out of here
Wow motherfucker you wait yeah yes man
does this one thing to get bit in the
heat of a moment right but to sit there
and fucking cold have to hike your
fucking pant legs up and let a fucking
snake chew on you to make a motherfucker
happy come on give me a break
we're asking a lot so if all those
people there plan are to sit there in
the locker room cold another so I
remember during the match we do the
matching time in the ropes get the snake
out game let's make sure he's a little
unhappy so I turned my back to macho man
he doesn't see me and I fucking
paintbrush the hell out of his fucking
snake I pounded that motherfucker why
any minute second time he's fuckin mouth
full but brother he's looking for
anything to fucking like you know and I
just below and took him to Macho Man and
boom he latched on and he's chewing he's
chill my monster doing a great job
Wow Randy you look so believable goddamn
you nuts
what did they do to the snake remove
those poison glands and remove the venom
sacs yeah so there's no venom in its
body I don't know damn it they even
replace it with stuff these four
brilliant plants man you know sale you
don't see like oh I'm silicone oh yeah
saline tonic better do so they just cut
them out it's just like an operation I
can cut them out and fill them with
silicone man sure they can't regrow them
oh wow Wow so yeah otherwise it would
regrow yeah but a creepy fucking animal
huh frightening especially as a kid and
that did shoot you guys up a big level
they did oh yeah Oh
91 Wow yeah it fucking rock the world oh
yeah yeah my little kid that watch a
real snake an actual Cobra couldn't get
laid for munch man really yeah I know
the fucking snakes in your room you're
not fucking lying to me I'll come on
please baby oh you are like four o'clock
in the morning for a fucking drunk
junkie to walk in the bathroom now I'm
paranoid as motherfucker anyway because
I'm fucking on all the shit and now I
gotta look down on a 15-foot snake
that's fucking his mouth open looking at
my fucking little dick are you serious
I'm not pissing oh I mean I take a shit
no not anymore so I go in the other room
I piss in a fucking bottle oops I miss
what the fuck just pissed in the floor
Wow yeah don't walk in my room
barefooted nothing else wish squish what
did you feed it I didn't you didn't he
only out there for ten days though so
what how often they eat once ever six
weeks ago oh really yeah really the
action and the flying and everything
they'd only live for ten days yeah they
had to get them off the road and let
them heal because of snakes lungs
they'll be entire length in their body
and they're very tiny so they get
pneumonia really easy of course being in
minus 40 doesn't help either
they do get pneumonia real easy would
you have to get a new snake was that
your like responsibility
we had a guy in Stamford Connecticut he
was Charles Manson revisited this guy
was a freak
brother Stanford Connecticut is a weird
place okay he had a farm in down
Connecticut what and they did not know
that he had over a thousand snakes in
that farm on that building in about 150
of them are poisonous
no because he was collecting venom for
different for different pharmaceutical
companies but I remember one time having
to get a snake from and heedful it to
Omaha and you know he'd been working
with me for a couple of years
Albert man will take care of you tonight
bye what is it Jake like once they get
it the strip joints like I'm necessary
I'm like I know it's not necessary
hey brother let me take you out until we
get there man he's just kind of like
sitting there and we head down the
towards the table looking at his beard
and break my jaw and I'm like get this
motherfucker going you know so they dude
you pick her out if you'll take a price
I'll pay for love words I'm abides and
buzzing Oh scuse me I just want to go
back to the room and play with my snake
yeah yeah he was a real freakazoid my
just into snakes is he still alive
yeah he is he was enough floor to win
that bet Herc ain't hit down there and
he was working in a gator farm and
poisonous snake venom collection point
and they had like 800 snakes down there
right so the hurricane hits and just
fucking levels of place well I'm calling
for days trying to get old him see if
he's all right and finally get him dude
why are you so fucking happy
I haven't best time of my life man this
is fucking like God's made this
especially for me I'm like what are you
talking about I get to find all those
snakes well you get to find them
anything you're gonna dig through all
that shit all that shit and
lifts up stuff and stick your hand down
and holes and shit to find these poison
snakes yeah Scully come on fuck you
you're fucked up what is it with Florida
and snakes all right Thank You
Connecticut man whatever I know but he
went to Florida it's like it draws him
there like a magnet he was in
Connecticut man and they asked him to go
do anything for the boys club you know
introduced him to snakes and blah blah
blah be great in over the 8 to 12 year
olds so he sits in there and he's
talking to them about this Mexican
rattler now first thing you know about
snakes is this they could be poisonous
and uh poisonous snakes children what
happens there they're not healthy they
will hurt you they can kill you yes
that's right that's why you should
always keep up Oh oh my god hold on okay
look he's accidentally bit me you know
I've been bitten now so I think what I
wanted somebody call 9-1-1 um we're
gonna I'm just gonna explain to you what
I'm feeling right now so if you ever get
bitten you'll know what you're gonna
expect to feel after you've been bitten
with no no there he's fucking bitin man
yeah he's fucked and he knows that he's
fucked because here's the thing about
Mexican rattlesnakes not many of those
in Connecticut down so you don't have
any anti-venom do you oh Jesus no they
gotta fly it in from fucking to Atlanta
or wherever so by the time they get that
shit up their time and he's fucked up
they wind up in to cut all the meat off
one of his bones on his finger so you
got like this gnarly so he had a
necropsy right yeah yeah I've seen a
video or a website rather detailing this
kid who got bit in the arm no we had to
get him somewhere to safety but it took
hours that a medevac I'm and the
helicopter his whole arm rotted away
down to the bone
so they had to take meat from his legs
get it off yeah yeah and put you know
they had to do skin grafts all over the
I think he went through like 16
operations he's awful
they to stitch them all together like
pull the meat of his arm together and
stitch it all together there's a giant
10 to 12 inch patch of his arm was gone
yeah fucks you up plus the really cool
looking thing that it does it causes all
the small capillaries in your eyes to
burst don't you so your eyes are like
blood-red except they're bumpy ah you
know like even close his eyes and I run
my finger over his eyelid and you just
feel all these little bumps and crevices
and how long it take for him to recover
he's not held for a couple weeks man he
was a to put him in a coma for like 6
days oh Jesus Christ
cool cool this is he does he have a
tolerance to regular venom because I
know a lot of us building a tolerance to
different ones yeah they make themselves
get bit yeah
Cobra I think he's pretty much clean on
this guy sounds like he's gonna end up
being a supervillain of some kind just
he could be mad because I swear to god
he is Charles Manson wow he looks like
Charles Manson
he looks weird like any when he smiles
just like dude that is not healthy
you know wow he's a true but imagine
what this guy would be like without
snakes
thank God snakes exists well yeah the
steamboat you know come up with the
Komodo dragon thing you know to come
back to a snake back in the day on mmm
so of course that's who Albert Albert
was the guy with the Komodo dragons so
he he had some pot that he was growing
up in the mountains and he took one of
the Dragons with him if you get it out
in the sunlight so they put it in this
fucking station wagon and they go up in
the mountains and they had to walk to
their place where they got the stuff
growing so they closed the car door up
and leave the window down about that
much and take off come back windows
busted out Jesus there's these horrible
teeth marks on all of it or this fucking
Komodo dragon been chewing his way out
of this shit he's in a wooden KT he
chewed his way out of the wood
encasement he got out man
took off and I guess it's about two
months later man I was like in
Indianapolis and waking up and listening
to the news and
ESPN's honor like what was thought to be
a prehistoric monster was found running
across the backyard of Miss gibbets
house
chase your poor little boo hmm when we
get back
see our monster while they come back and
I'm sitting on what the fuck
thought to be prehistoric see this shit
and the fucking thing comes back up
that's fuckin Alvers fucking thing man
it's the thing that had escaped to much
later yeah it gained like 35 pounds
everybody's dogs and cats a neighborhood
man and probably cook with kids too whoo
that is such a ruthless animal you know
the things are so ruthless that the
little baby Komodo dragon is mere shit
on themselves
so that the grown-ups don't eat them so
that their parents don't eat them they
roll around in shit so that their
parents don't eat them because when
Komodo dragons are eating intestines
they shake the shit out of intestines
yeah they don't like to eat shit as
weird as that is that's just bad
attitude they eat their fucking kids so
the kids know this least they somehow or
another like know to smear themselves
and shit I'd learned pretty quick yeah
you see your sister Gertrude right see
them avoid shit but eat your sister you
like that shit is salvation
Wow some good shit it gained 30 pounds
that's fucking crazy yeah let it loose
in Florida they won't even notice
fuck don't wanna shove everything else
we got yeah yeah that Florida Everglades
is so clever with pythons man so so bad
that they're eating alligators they did
this study they found that they they
couldn't find any raccoons they couldn't
find any swamp rabbits or March hares I
guess they call them because yeah
everything got killed by Python so then
the pythons moved on to alligators yeah
alligators
I've got a picture of an anaconda
swallowing an 800-pound horse what it's
got the head in the front legs already
chewed up inside where's this picture
you know I need it I'll get to you I
need that I just fuckin crosa shit see
if you could find that okay Jamie of my
horse's body is like this big with his
back he probably can't pull it up
Jaime's coming at you hard and with it I
bet in all your years you never thought
Jake the snake could be roasting you
live on the Internet
believe that and mail received back
injury and nailing a pull it up
reference yeah I got you bro I'm not
just a short face in a pretty dick short
digna pretty face that's yeah
did you ever load the day that you came
up with the gimmick of having snake god
yeah yesterday well everybody else just
traveling solo here's the thing I come
up with this idea like in 1975 Wow cuz
ice listen to Monday Night Football and
they were talking about Kenny Stabler
remember him played for the Raiders
remember the name left-handed
quarterback man sling it and boy gets
slinging it man and he also like to
party man so I dug him man yeah I'm
saying he's like this motherfuckers cool
I mean super believed he took all the
linemen with him out to the bars they
didn't show up for 4:30 in the morning
yeah here's the thing did the coach keep
them from playing I don't think so but
he did tell him you better fucking win
yeah that's all I saw the
what's-his-name told you better fucking
win because if you don't
oh yeah it's tapered took them out there
and they won the game no but uh yeah no
I don't know I don't know but what I
loved the Kenny Stabler the snake thing
that's a fucking hippo it ate a hippo
Jesus Christ oh well it's got to be a
baby hippo I don't look like he's too
fucking small yeah but hippos are huge
baby hippos probably probably big is
your dick a lot of things there we go
whoa
which is pretty mentions is they can't
Gurjit eight pull that shit out that's
insane well I we uh I was riding down
the road list Monday Night Football and
look I'd be too much man if I fuckin
wrestler
curious snake around and fuck with the
other resume drinking you know
more and more and more and next day will
come like that fucking idea and last
night caring about his name what the
fuck was I thinking I'm terrified of
snakes I'm terrified but how do you
connect that to the football player
because he was Kenny the snake Stabler
oh here we go in the snake oh he was
just badass man I'm gonna be the snake -
so you were already Jake Roberts and I
wasn't even Jake Roberts and then I
looked for a name was snake yeah like
the snake
flaky snaky he's got a 40 foot putt ears
not even Blake would have a bad back
it's got a bigger mangina than that
oh no I'll never do that fucking gimmick
fuck that but I did go I said okay I
gotta think of a name and no one JJ I'm
not thinking that at the time of TV
program was Dallas who's the bad guy jr.
jr. Jake the snake
let's go Wow little B then I came up
with Roberts I just get a snake well
after years of throwing it out there
occasionally and getting are you fucking
serious wrestling there's not a fucking
circus stuff fuck it ain't nice excuse
me bill watch fat fuck
Steven bastard but this is before Vince
a four year WWI yeah yeah what
organization was this well this was
mid-south and they just fucking know if
certain terminal you ever
wait a minute you don't want me to carry
a snake but the guy I'm wrestle has got
a fucking hockey mask on and every night
he fucking head bust me with it and you
have me carved my fucking forehead open
so he can believe everywhere but it's
not a circus I get that totally you bet
you yo so blowing out the window then I
went to fucking New York and that's when
Vince hit me with the you're gonna be
wearing a purple or lime-green spandex
which I said ain't no fucking fag you
know I'm not wearing it what year is
this
Vince 85-86 forget how long Vince has
been in the game yeah oh hell yeah
he bought that guy out the guys at Watts
mid-south he but he just went to every
territory and just said I'll give you
this amount of money I'm just taking
oral English of my heart I'm giving this
to you because I'm I'm taking your all
your television yeah so crazy all the
people that was all split up into
territories so everybody had their own
business and bore stage might be another
one territory you know what's really
crazy about Vince is how fucking Jack
Dee is yeah I'd like what is he like 75
this is 64 65 Men's Fitness with a
chains around his real recently yeah
Jack or something about growth hormone
that just continues to work I think
there's a lot more going on than just
growth oh I'm sure feeling so stacked
with this I mean 73 what in the fuck is
that just a billionaire toke that is
insane jacked his back is 73 years old
is built like Brock Lesnar that is
insane he's the man I'm at imagine like
seeing this when you were a kid like
this is what grandpa looks like yeah you
feel like what the fuck is going on with
Grandpa yeah okay that is insane 73
years old there is nobody on this planet
who works as hard as he does there's no
other way it's possible I mean the guy
is he's he's everywhere and that one the
one video where he runs to the ring and
is on his way and dives into it and
slams his thigh into the side ring blows
his fucking quad the ball and then still
plays it out and does it sitting down
yeah - cause - been in unbelievable
agony right he killed annually would
stand up and he's just sitting there
sitting on his butt and the everybody
has to like improvise for this guy
sitting on his ass cause he's his blew
his quads off of his bone watch this
shit look at this I mean this is fucking
crazy I did the same thing in tour look
at this he dives in look at his leg
gives out are you done
at that point you're drilling all you're
thinking is get the fuck up that's all
you're thinking but it is crazy that
he's just sitting there yeah I think the
funniest part of this is this is the
final moment of the Royal Rumble this is
a huge long build-up and it's
controversial because they both went
over the top and landed so there's this
tie so all the reps are trying to figure
out what's going on so it makes it even
funnier that Vince is just sitting there
the owner extra yeah still was that
Jesus Christ he's so much bigger than he
is now in guardians of the galaxy
protein diet is no way natural bro
that's vegan it's incredible I mean just
just the fact that that guy was able to
do that I gotta bring this up because we
were watching this in the greenroom
right before we got it David Arquette is
wrestling yeah did you know this yeah
David Arquette is blood yeah got a light
bulb smashed on his head mm-hmm cuts all
over his face I fuckin two-by-four oh
yeah well there's what usual isn't
two-by-four yeah what is the worst shit
you ever gonna hit with the guitar a
guitar
oh that's honky-tonk right I was a real
guitar that's really surprising to me
because it always appeared like the
honky tonks guitar was just an exploding
they all were after that what is this
WCW World Heavyweight Champion David
Arquette we met wait a minute what it
was a highly controversial moment
heavyweight champion how much
this wasn't 40 that doesn't make any
sense
40 art he he is definitely built way
bigger he's way thicker than he's ever
been before because when they showed him
on TMZ he was rolling around he looked
Jack he's got D visage now find the
video that did the TMZ video because
it's kind of fuckin hilarious it is
really and just goes to show you what
happens over you know it's a lust that
you get for it you know wrestling I mean
I hated wrestling growing up hated cuz
your dad because my dad did it and he
was never home so I blamed wrestling for
him never being home mmm bottom line you
can give a fuck about kids except those
they could rape and hit in the head oh
Jesus Christ
that guy stabbed him in them gouging
yeah with with a fluorescent light bulb
that he just shattered by the way you
can get that dust in your eyes look how
big he is our kid was never that big
before he's looking like an Eddie
Guerrero right there you know kind of a
marital arias what got jacked is the
cool thing about David doing this is
that like he just got sober a few years
ago and he's doing this to keep life
exciting for him you know what I mean
and I just doesn't have any movie rules
coming in now well I went no but he's a
jerk who's fucking jack dude I mean I'm
very impressed with his physique I got
into executive producing a bunch of
stuff like he's one of the executive
producers of like Cougar Town he's with
his ex-wife
yeah all these massive ones back in and
get stomped like that would you see
where you just looking pushes back for
you guys because no I'm gonna lay down
here again oh and then he just hit him
with a chair there's broken glass on it
this is some high level production for
50 people in the room yeah exactly the
blood and everything Jesus Christ
punctured glass and the rain is
brilliant yeah
that is crazy now that's then he leaves
the fucking ring goes wrong yes you
could tell he's pissed he can go the way
he wanted it to
do you think he's pissed yeah he was
pissed do you think they planned that
somebody fucked him somewhere in there
you have fucked you think so yeah
could you see the M going for the guy
uh-huh then the guy just took him over
yeah and this store didn't get back
going him he wasn't expecting that he
thought he was going up uh and then you
see him then you seem just fucking get
up and you fucking storm out of the
fucking ring why didn't you stay and she
gets fucking ass
obviously you can't see he's trying to
get to him this guy won't fucking let
him now watch guy takes him over and
he's on top of me he's looking him for
the one two three he got the one two
three see he did not want that to
fucking happen I watch this just gets up
fucking I'm going home right now that's
interesting because you see this from
the eyes of professional I see this from
the eyes of a layman in the crowd and I
don't see that that's fascinating you
see a double cross oh yeah three count
on him yeah you know David Arquette
sitting back knowing that Jake the snake
is doing commentary on his match how uh
David get a day job sister over a year
rageous listen he just needs to practice
yeah young buck I mean didn't Dallas
didn't Dow started when he was 36
imagine that and the crazy part is you
were one of his original mentors and I'm
the guy that shit I'll fuckin teach you
because everybody else would you're too
fucking old yeah
specifically Ric Flair Ric Flair told
him Dallas
you've been a manager you do this well
you do that well but in the 36 get a
grip on you know you're too fucking old
to start and when Dallas told me that
I'm like fucking man if it's Church is
it really your dream he says my fucking
dream man I want it fuck it I'll teach
him and that's why I started I moved in
with him and then we had the infamous
snake accident in his house what was the
infamous snake hisses oh I got busy with
a girlfriend and forgot what I was doing
upstairs I was washing the snake off and
back downstairs to check on her and she
caught me by surprise and raped me oh my
god I forgot the snake upstairs ooh so I
ran back upstairs realized it been two
and a half hours and Dallas is just
coming over his bedroom was like what
the fuck you been in the shower the
whole time I'm like yeah I just startin
yeah I'm sweaty you look at me you know
I'm in the shower yet man the snake was
in there I'll get my shit forget right
now you'll watch leave the show Dallas I
was watching some soap out man fuck get
a grip man leave me alone so I go in
there fucking fuck its name oh my god I
can't find the fucking snake you're not
in here oh my god which kind of snake is
this is a Cobra had three cats oh no oh
no I started looking for it
then I had to fess up the Dallas what
was going like dude dude dude dude yeah
you gotta find that motherfucker my wife
we gonna be home in 20 minutes like what
holy shit you know I'll fight any man
but fucking woman hell no they will fuck
you up and I run from women they fuck
you up and they wait to your sleep and
shit fuck you up again because we have
dicks we think you know they love me cuz
of my digger whatever and you give them
an in because they're going to hear you
so much then you fall asleep actually
her actually hear yo whoa experience is
very different than mine well I've had
three successful marriages nobody died I
did 13 years my first wife 13 years with
my second wife
four months my third so I'm getting
better
what but it sounds like you're talking
about prison I did 13 years is I says
about marriage how's it 13 years that's
like Samuel s in an ad said goes that
goes back to my experience right you
know my experience is unfortunate
because what I've been through I let a
woman get this close to me we're about
to get started getting real which is
what I really want but then I got to
push it back cuz Brad can handle it I
want to get back to this but I know what
happened to the cats
okay well long story short
I couldn't find him this long as long as
I was there how much well right before
she got home I thought I would do the
man thing you can get my car and run
that's what I did that is what he did
fucking I had a slick fucking 84
Corvette that I knew would not look good
with high heels going up and down right
cuz that bitch a wonderful lady she was
a wonderful woman she was gonna fuck you
up
she don't forget buddy right and if I'm
not sleeping with you you're not gonna
talk shit like that to me right you know
that's true always good if I'm sleeping
with you but that was it I had to leave
I came back two days later in my defense
two days later okay and when I got there
I see all these workmen carrying sheets
of uh sheetrock sheetrock yeah I'm like
what the fuck
and then Dallas had told me they were
gonna do some remodeling downstairs oh
they're working on my fucking room right
he's like dude 15 minutes package it and
go what you got to get out
one little snake and I've got to go
that's really bullshit Dallas and yeah
they couldn't find this snake either so
they wound up calling some people
professionals and the only way they
found it was by carrying out several
walls and they finally can pound it on
the walls what did it do climb an event
it got in the vent wherever I don't know
and got into the wall and blacktop fuck
and they had to follow it through the
house how did they find it by running
out of walls
right after they were quite upset
happily so I have my kitchen worked on
once and after they sealed the the
drywall in the back
I heard since I know my cat so my cat
spaz I was like spaz she's like shit I'm
like she's in the fucking wall so I had
to go get a hammer and
I had a cloth in the wall and then pull
her out cover didn't fucking that's
where I get the music boom boom and
sweet cat had that happen nineteen years
Wow
yeah let me do it Here I am in Australia
this is like 1993 or four and there's a
Japanese superstar named Thunder just
like mm-hmm I mean just top of the top
brother so he's on to her was no problem
but first night he's in was we'd already
been there two nights and these people
come in these Japs come in and they
start fucking yeah in Japanese to this
other guy in English transferred and
boom boom bottom line is he will not
stay in the same fucking dress room as
Jake he's terrified as I said dude I'm
not gonna get it on him no doesn't
matter he doesn't even think he should
be here because of Jake okay fuck him
let him go where everyone's son Gibbs
you know I told you I wouldn't get it on
you if my words not good enough fuck off
so he goes and gets another dressing
room on the other side of these Coliseum
long ways across there he wrestles goes
into shower comes out from the shower
he's drying off he looks up in the
mirror and in the mirror he can see a
pipe of Cobra he's come up out of the
toilet it was looking around the room
and the rest of him still on the toilet
and then he goes back down he screams he
runs across the fucking building nude
everybody's attention
the police get involved he comes down to
Jake where's your fucking snake boy I
really can't find it so he gotten out of
my locker room and went into the toilet
and took off and come up and that toilet
over there that's fucking back it got on
give a fucking airplane that night and
went the fuck home imagine the sense
that he was scared as I read it and then
went and found out the place where there
was the motor here one yeah
yeah I wonder if that of us in it I mean
it only makes thank you sir thank you
since you're that's they would go after
prey animals right prey armored animals
are terrified of them they probably have
a sense of fear he's a fucking toilet
you imagine that goes through the toilet
I mean I still have horror stories and
bad memories of sitting on the toilet in
a snake just by claiming the balls and
ass happened you know buddy I had those
fucking dreams come to me because the
snakes all those fucking years
especially after that no one can travel
that way again how'd you get the snake
back I didn't
I left him over there and fucking
Australia sorry now he's taking over the
country Jesus Christ where's that
fucking snake yeah it's in Melbourne
that's where I left him how long do
those things live like how long 30 years
30 years so it's probably still alive in
the toilet saving of that auditorium
around eatin ass man yeah can you
imagine some poor woman sitting down the
toilet
oh wait a minute that's not right Wow
Wow he'll sneak up the ashtray climbed
in the fucking toilet and went to the
one guy that was terrified of him
unbelievable everyone we did the Andre
thing right
Andre supposed to be afraid of the snake
oh yeah and he faints and fakes a heart
attack knees you know laying there poor
Bobby Heenan over there taking a
pounding on his chest he's supposed to
act like he's had a heart attack and
somebody goes give him mouth-to-mouth
Bobby and Bobby's like are you fucking
kidding me giant that fucking giant
breasts you had ban from drinking time
pretty eyes brother I love the giant to
death I mean when I first got into
wrestling referee in like in 1974 so and
they came to me in this look you know
refereeing tomorrow night but we want
you to drive Andre around why so you
were referee before you were pro
wrestling right which is actually the
best way to start could you get a feel
of it you get a feel of it you you learn
how to feel people and you are gunshot
you don't know how to read people you
know and in the crowd you can read them
but I got the take care of laundry thing
they give me a van said Andre I'll sit
in the back kind of a beanbag chair just
taking to the building he'll do this
thing give him a ride back to hotel I'm
cool 70 miles no problem 80 miles
whatever so I get through the show and
he's like beer okay he talks he walks
even you know so I stop and get him beer
I'm like my name's now Veyron Rania's do
gassers it's an 85 mile trip man um yeah
two cases some like two case I guess he
wants some for his room right so we get
back in the lab we start driving I don't
know about you guys man back even when I
drink until I get into that first third
or fourth hour
I got a piss like every time I have a
bearing out of piss I don't really buy
beer I just rent it you know I rented
then I go get rid of it but so after you
know 30 miles I pull a hungry sorry I
got pissed y'all get out of the biz you
don't know nothing mirror here's a
popskyy fucking wheel closer I gotta
piss again finally get there get settled
I'll get your beer he goes finished what
he drank 48 beers
yeah yeah right yeah fuck off you big
goof you know he leaves I get in there
getting there first thing I do I'm
checking with my hand make sure I'm up
put my hand to piss because I figure
this motherfucker never cut off to piss
he drank two cases of beer and did not
have to piss I don't care if you out
drink me but dammit how can you do that
I mean I felt so inadequate
this guy great 48 beers and didn't piss
48 beers in 80 miles yeah that's it was
nothing but his hand would cover that
pair up so big his hands were just an
amazing athlete an amazing man and to be
in the ring with him was
he was unbeliev when Hulk Hogan hoisted
him up in the air look at the fucking
that photo of him with a regular sized
can of beer that is insane they look
real that doesn't look real it's a
12-ounce yeah yeah that's a 12 ounce
beer and it just vanishes inside his
head see if you can find that video of
when Hulk Hogan picks him up over his
head slam zoom yeah that that was
fucking insane how much did he weigh 550
550 pounds now 550 pounds just hoisting
over your head with a bar with an
Olympic bar is impressive but to do it
with dead weight with a man well the
thing about it is it wouldn't happen
unless Andre warned you do right of
course because he's gonna boost himself
off course yeah I mean yeah I remember
in being a ring one night he just swam
really yeah you fucking but this is
insane I cook at this this is insane if
you look where Andres Anjar yes he helps
that he helps him pulling spell he had
me pick him up and slam him one night
he's like slamming like no fucking
weather his keys no yes sir
and I went under and all of a sudden
he's here
stupid Simon he was he would use that
athletic energy that my legs just heard
the fucking buckle yeah you got to drop
him fast well we can focus 200 pounds
there at least but Hogan was fucking
Jack oh yeah you know I met him later in
life but I'd met him earlier - I ran
into him on the street once and I
couldn't believe how fucking big he was
the second time I saw he was shorter
because he had so many back surgeries
that his disks had been fused and I'm
still a giant human being but he wasn't
as big no six eight no more yeah about
six four guys that Kramer told me when I
was friends with Piper he told me that
when Hogan did that slam on Andre just
like he could feel it just going all the
way up is that true a clothesline Andre
one night and you know I came in doing
more because Andre wanted you hit him
hard right which how you say that's the
most frustrating thing in the world
right through never watch that I mean
you're trying to kill a motherfucker and
you don't even know it
yeah so here I am hitting him as hard as
I could and he didn't know that so when
he'd reach out and just I mean he used
to hit me and I'd be falling right
that's a lot of energy me falling he
reached out and grabbed me by my hair
and just pulled me right in my fucking
feet and just rip a fucking little gear
oh here you two are look at that look
that way 260 there wow that's so crazy
that's you that is so crazy
look how fuckin big he was he was so
good he did a horrible thing to me one
night in the rain man he knocked me down
and I'm on my back and he stands on my
hair oh they reached out and grabbed my
arms and pulled mmm Wow did you guys
plan shit out like that or did he just
improvise that just one out there we
went out there and played he liked me I
liked him Andre I'll test you if you
don't man up to him he'll fucking eat
you
you get to see the documentary that they
made on him on HBO about savage now
Andre yeah it's really great you'd
really love it I don't want yeah this is
her too much yeah it made me it made me
cry so yeah if it makes me cry know what
that man went through what did he go
through just people pointing and
laughing right in pain you can't kind of
stain was unbelievable yeah because of
wrestling no because of the growth
growth yeah yeah let's think about a
water daily your day is well a bed don't
fit too well right let's talk about
hotels and bathrooms I know right
where does he shit in the bathtub no
that's only buddy's good shit yeah
there's no toilet gonna take his ass
didn't it he's got a squish in you just
got it
no he just fucking turn the shower on
man let it dissolve it how did you how
would you like to do hot yoga in that
bathroom with that shower just right god
damn we took a shit in the bath
airplanes cars yeah
well yeah no mojo so did he have a setup
for him yeah that's another thing where
Piper told me a great story about you
know how everybody would always he would
just get so harassed out in public and
they were out drinking one night after
shows and they were in on in some
college town like will say Madison
Wisconsin or something like that and
they're having some drinks at a bar and
Piper was like these kids these frat
boys you know they noticed the few
tables away and someone there an empty
beer can hits Andre in the back of the
head it hits the ground you know Andre
looks around whoa and they're hanging
out a couple minutes later another empty
beer can hits Andre growls a little bit
harder and then a third beer can comes
and an Andre stands he hits him in his
head Andre stands up you know it takes
them a while to get out of the booth or
whatever wherever they're at and these
guys get up and they start running and
they chase Andre chases them but when he
gets out of the bar they are in their
car about to pull away and Andre
literally goes under the car that's out
front of the bar and flips it over
there's a cop a half a block away who
pulls up blood blood and arrest them for
fucking with Andre the Giant yes he puts
their car with them in those guys mess
with me do beer can he could do a
backflip standing on the top rope and do
a flip real end on his feet when he
first started but uh I'm wrestling him
and we had this little thing we do where
you get me in the corner and he just
still that weight into me you know which
was pretty easy to to register and then
I would slide down and then he would
grab each side of the rope into the last
drop of course he's got these ropes well
that night he wanted to do it and then
hand slipped who saw the sudden his ass
plans right here and just you know her
fucking vertebrae shoes and I'm like can
I breathe I just want to know if I can
breathe because I could at the moment
it's like I'm screaming in I turned over
on my side oh my god how bad is it
I think my sternum was broke whatever
yeah any sense on me trying to get my
breath trying to let everything come
back and I've seen the lights coming at
first I was gonna pass out and then I
hear Andre laughing I had the referee
say Andre why are you laughing is hard
for two Emma
what and I can feel my fucking shoulder
is vibrating and he's farting you know
how long a giant can fart how long about
40 seconds he's like but it was a steady
flow it wasn't 48 years with a part man
he got up ahead like a wine stain on my
shoulder that amazing amazing guy man
but I used to think to myself the fans
really don't like me because they're
putting me out there and the fans are
cheering me on to charge into that
fucking big giant you want me to get
killed don't you yeah your fans are
vicious why are y'all doing this to me
don't cheer me tell me I'm a stupid
fucker and to get out of the ring for
the giant eats you there's no fun in
that was that hard to always be a great
bad guy or did you sort of relish in
that yeah yeah so boring right because
people expect you to be nice thanks
Bryan picture with the baby but it's a
bad guy you can do anything
mmm and it's okay you know I mean and
then you get to see how far you can take
people you know I mean some people freak
is kind of bugs people freaks them out a
little bit uh thinking about starting a
riot but that's when you know you've
done your job right when you can get
people to step out of their comfort zone
and come into the ring after you now
you've done the job did you have that
happen oh yeah how many times
30 40 times 30 40 times people charge
the ring yeah and again well we got bad
couple of times one time the worst one
being in Dallas Texas which is like 60
miles from my hometown what started it I
was wrestling sting and the guy stood up
about nine rows back reached inside of
his jacket pulled out a nine-millimeter
and got three shots off before they got
him
oh I'd already dived underneath the ring
sting being the big face and stupid yeah
he's enduring whoo fuck you sting I'm
not coming back bitch you know this guy
got three shells off at me
I remember going to the back thinking to
myself you take them that for you making
people do shit they would not normally
do because they give second off yeah I
got him but here's what they brought him
to the back and I like shake you know
press charges I'm like press charges
no just reload the motherfucker put him
back out there what the fuck do you
think pressure of course I want to press
charges man he put three holes in the
building of the old fucking of
Sportatorium there and Dallas was he
shooting at you or was he just shooting
at the ceiling at me yeah we have hated
my ass I had a woman cut me with a box
cutter what yeah yeah the first time
she'd ever been to watch wrestling what
what did you do to start that she had
been at home with her grandkids and they
were watching me wrestle like Oh granny
look at so-and-so Jake Roberts he's oh
he's so bad if somebody needs to watch
his damn mouth Alice open Spanky's asked
what that man needs you know somebody
should have straightened him out earlier
in his life and they're like oh granny
shut up he wouldn't done anything he'd
run from him too I would not run from
that man and they basically challenged
the grandmother not knowing it
she's a little off next time I come to
town she gets fucking ticket
she's gonna show those grandkids he's
not afraid of me oh Jesus Christ I came
down the aisle I got security around me
and all of a sudden my Security's car is
this fucking great no skew I've turned
to see what they're doing
there's old woman that's down and
they're all over something what she had
a fucking heart attack
man what's going on hey guys what's
going on you man oh my oh you're full of
shit look at your arm holy shit how did
she cut you about 30 stitches Jesus
Christ arch gun you just didn't realize
it you don't feel it about really sharp
yeah so I get to the back with her it's
not your the story you know what
happened what did it actually happen and
I just looked at everything can I hug ya
ya hugged her I started crying and she
started crying and whoa Jesus goes up
wife number two or three that's why it
only lasted for months what the fuck man
well you're a better man than me what
you did kick her though yeah false teeth
jiggle to your teeth uh yeah yeah Romany
root canals one really yeah how long did
you fight not that long I warm out for
15 minutes 20 minutes while I move a lot
not a punishment that you would take Pro
Wrestling
okay the matter punish me takes ball
Jenner fighting I had like 16 17 root
canals Jesus Christ man you know the
shots and as you get older the DS
deteriorate yeah and those root canals
that tooth just winds up turning into
dust bags yeah and they start breaking
off and pieces and stuff and manic and
this probably didn't help in my spiral
down either man that I couldn't go eat
you know I had to be check and see what
I was gonna eat and make sure I just put
new polygroup in and you start eating a
steak with Poligrip and boom it breaks
loose and next thing you know your
fucking mouths bleeding because it broke
loose and right
having to go the bathroom you makes a
date so nice you know there's nothing
that says love bichchu it on your
girlfriend's box and your teeth fall out
or a belly button you know it just turns
them away you know but yeah it to be it
sucks man you know and yeah
did you never warm out no you can't do
arrest you swallowed it yeah that's the
difference but you know I got real
fortunate that uh some people out of
Dallas
like I'm one in Vegas also G for it's
called they uh look dude we see you're
having probably see you doing your
talking and I talk like this because I
didn't write as much ether constantly
coming loose and it didn't matter how
many times I got new ones but they still
sucked so these people gee poor man they
finally came through
we're gonna fix you yeah right so they
told me implants well I didn't know a
lot about that shit you know and they
come back to me and they said I needed
hours and dr. Goldberg was saying his
name and uh little Evan implants in and
it was pretty bad man I had a bad day
it's hard to medicate me and put me out
because I raised those levels too high
so gern while I was that out and they
were pulling teeth getting ready to put
the things in to screw into evidently
during all that process I just stood up
and sort of pissing on the doctor Chris
when everybody in the room and chasing
them and fucking idiot was this why you
were Soviet yeah yeah yeah I sobered up
but yeah they had to give me so much
shit to put me out right then I keep
moving this bull she goes hey fuck you
doc but this is I'm saying this is like
yeah during your sobriety yes yes so
this is recently Jesus Christ being
locked in a small room but take the
snake he pulls his dick out starts
pissing on you you think you got a medic
bars and his teens try to give him yeah
what was even nicer was the next day
they didn't even hold it against me
that's I know I woke up the next morning
I don't remember them taking me to the
hotel and putting me in bed or any of
that and I didn't know what the mask you
know my ass before but anyway yeah I was
just kidding but I woke up the next
morning like whose fucking clothes are
these
cuz they basically undressed me there
and get the piss all off of me and put
new clothes on me did they have to buy
clothes for you or the reserve that just
I guess somebody yeah they're there the
place and addressed me and well I came
back the next morning having been there
for five hours a day before and they set
me down and said this won't take but
about 15 minutes all right and they come
in there here's your new teeth little up
and screw them in man I could bite a
bumper on the car no shit no it says
he's alright is so unbelievable if
anybody out there is having the issue
with their teeth man get them fixed but
get them fix the right way don't fuck
around with getting partial plates and
all that bullshit go ahead and bite the
bullet it's expensive it no doubt it's
expensive but it changed my whole life
man that is the guy that did my hair she
loved me but I being I wanted there you
know cuz Jake the snake has hair well
Jake the snake gets into the line didn't
have no fucking air it was all gone and
some people in Atlanta where I was
living paramount paramount plastic
surgery and stuff they look will give
you that hair man
you know why will you take this name and
we love you and I know you love me but
you're gonna do that really that's one
of the things in the movie you know you
the people come up with money for my
shoulder oh my god I cry so hard at that
part of that movie when they when you
guys are expecting like I'm hoping that
we raised a little something and a
thousand a night you know what no 17,000
in the 24-hour span which more than pay
for my almost at
- good job which I was gonna haven't put
on my back that way you'd have some to
play what did you get done your
shoulders the labrum tariffs no he was
uh - Turkish person bone spurs I had to
go three bone spurs and one of the Spurs
was over two inches long you know and
here's the great news I think I've got
it back
you got the spur back I can move my arm
I can feel that fuckin thing in there go
across a muscle you sure yeah did you
get an MRI not yet but I'm about to be
licensed tendon I hope so or not but
what I'm getting at here and it's like
the number of people that reached out to
me condition for me they didn't have two
people I didn't even know no just blows
me away well just think about how many
people you touched over your entire
career and how many people ran away from
home yeah macho man got bit and it's
crazy because back then everybody's like
this is the scariest guy we hate this
guy boo this guy and then it's like
years later they realize whoa that guy
moved me like it's like originally
everybody was afraid of you or hated you
but it's like and it's all in retrospect
when they realize holy shit this guy I
can help in this guy he earned it from
me he deserves that this guy changed my
life baba baba is seen in the movie when
it's unexpected and the guys are in the
ring and they play the music and you
start walking out with the bag just
sneaking it yeah
that's pretty incredible after all the
shit that you had been through with you
sir Brian of all the shit that I'd
stirred up while I was a drunk yeah you
know because I mean it amazes me how
many people have forgiven me for the
things that I said or did when I was
under the influence man cuz let me tell
you something there is nothing more vile
than a drunk addicted hating
motherfucker you know like I was and I
went after I had did not mind going
after Vince or anybody else you know I
hate his life he said I wasn't hate you
too I said I don't give a fuck of you
know guess what
I hate me more than you can aid me
what are you you can make me much you
know I mean it
that's what amazed me people helping me
is like all those years that I used to
cringe when somebody to say hey would
you want my baby I'm like hold your baby
you don't know what the fuck I am
don't make me do that because it would
hurt me inside to pull that kid in and
smile and lie I'm not a good liar when
it comes like that oh yeah it's like
this wanted me to do a commercial one
time I just say no campaign mmm dude
that's hilarious he's gonna have me
fuckin do this you know these are the
funny bits right right cuz I know what
it's like not to be able to say no
there's no worse feeling in the world
man here you got something on this hand
that's gonna kill you or you got life
over here and there's green pastures and
all this happy happy happy and you're
gonna have a good relationship with a
woman if you just fucking I'm gonna take
the poisonous tree you know what's
ironic is that your movie your film your
story and who you are right now is one
of the best just say no commercials that
could ever do that maybe for real well
you can't just say no no no you should
ridiculous bullshit ever said yeah when
you show that in the film that you want
to say no I mean this is what one of the
more powerful things about that film is
not just that you succeeded but that you
tried and failed several times until you
succeeded and you detailed all of it
all the warts and all every single step
of the way and we didn't it's a very
brave movie man I really hit that shit
out no no you didn't that was tough
but now I'm getting to do the right
thing and for me I'm doing this comedy
thing there's some really comedy I just
go out and tell Road stories and shit
you know like couple of stories that's
like Ronnie's like yeah yeah I do the
same stuff in buildings
but I've wrestled for 36 years so I've
got about 10 shows to do and I'm still
on the first one Wow going all around
with it and I've been doing it for two
and a half years now but now I'm
enjoying it so much
not because I'm making people laugh
because I'm getting connecting I'm
getting to connect with people that I
need and help people come to the show I
tell them hey give me the eggie man
afterwards we'll go find a place and
talk in some of the stories I have man
make my story sound like a fucking walk
in the park man I mean some of the
horror stories I've heard what people
are going through and suffering through
and their story their pain and their
anger you know my shit looks weak
compared to what these people and I'm
getting to hear this and I'm getting to
help them find the way and then I get to
hear the stories of the success stories
hey man I didn't start getting clean so
I heard about you Sarnia clean and I
started to try and hey guy guess what
Jake I got two years in there I got four
years in there those are great but the
best is the letter from the six-year-old
that says you helped my daddy my daddy
loves you and I love you too because my
daddy lives with me now Wow oh fuck me
man Wow you know you can't buy that shit
so I get what Dallas does you know when
he helps people he gets high off of him
god bless him he should get high off of
it because he spends a lot of time doing
it brought a lot of time that's the one
thing I always thought about Dallas look
he may not be the smartest guy in the
room but he's smart enough to know that
and he'll go find that right answer you
know whatever he was dealing with me in
Scott he didn't know how to be an addict
or what that was about
so what do you do he contacted all of
his buddies or his ex buddies that had
been through it and he went here and and
he read and he read he self-taught man
he used to have a problem reading but he
got it down now so here's a guy that
over prepares for everything
yeah as far as I'm concerned but well
that's also why he started DDP oh yeah
right I wanted to figure out a way to
heal his body itself yeah sure yeah not
just sharing it but promoting it
worldwide have you ever done it no I
haven't well I mean I did do a little
bit of it years ago I looked up the it I
found a little bit of it on YouTube I
never got the actual program through the
program you can make it as easy as you
want or you can make it as difficult and
that's that's the beauty of it because
you get somebody like nimble nuts over
here spray spraying mangina
China's warped out of shape god it's
like the snake when it tries to find the
Japanese I can tell he just likes
playing with round things over there
doesn't he the knobs you stroking the
knobs one of the cool things about DDP
yoga is the you know you see all those
before and after of the physical
transitions of people but what those
pictures don't show is the mental
presence that you get I mean I was I was
in Chicago doing gigs a few years ago
and this was after I got to see your
movie when it first premiered I actually
think it was David Arquette that got me
and my it because we made friends at the
Comedy Store years ago you got me and my
buddies in on you guys had your premiere
on Sunset Boulevard at that I'll take
your word anyway and so I had already
seen the movie but Scott wasn't at that
and I don't believe you were there
either and I just made a big one yeah
and so I was in Chicago doing a gig and
it's one of those morning radio shows
that I didn't want to have to do that
Friday morning 6:00 a.m. pick up
whatever I just flown in and I almost I
remember I almost called in sick to that
radio show because I'm like I'm doing
you know I want to just tired I don't
want to do it showing up slow getting
there yeah sure the back of a spirit
flight but I end up not calling in sick
I'm like let's just do it make coffee in
the hotel and get to the fucking car
what you do right exactly
and as soon as I get there - like Mancow
in the morning or
they're like you'll never believe who
else is in studio with you you're a
wrestling fan right I'm like yeah
they're like Scott Hall is also going to
be here with you I'm like you gotta be
fucking kidding me
and I remember brush your teeth and I
remember you know I remember hoping
because I just seen that movie I'm like
oh man I hope that you know I hope he's
still in good shape and everything I
hope everything's cool cuz I know how
hard it is to stay clean as an attic and
and my god if he wasn't just and you
know you as well here today it's like
it's just completely present not.you
can't even tell you've probably had
20,000 concussions in your life you know
I mean just they're looking around
laughing smiling my mind was blown that
he was as present if not more than a lot
of the other and available older most
let more you know pro wrestlers that I
had met you know what I mean and people
that I had met he was in it he was being
funny he's reacting Georgian yeah it was
unknown the joke compared to the guy
that gets scooted in on that wheelchair
that can't walk and when he's first
starting with the chairs you can hear
his bones cracking oh yeah when you
heard his hip oh it's a wonderful
sounded oh man and it was to replace and
the first one sucked the second one man
they went through the front that's the
way to go I went in 7 a.m. at noon I
jerked the covers back told my daughter
hand me my pants or I'm walking out
naked put my fucking pants on put my
feet down and walk straight out no Kane
no nothing really in five hours you can
do that not supposed to the doctor was
yelling at me as we were leaving the
building what was he saying you get back
the fuck in there and blow the whole
thing yeah probably but he was walking
to a crosswalk to connect the two
buildings and I'd already went out the
bottom and I was going to the car he's
like beating on the fucking windows and
this is like a full hip replacement
sever the top of the femur and they put
a new joint they screw it
you ever seen how they do it oh no
they drive it in there there's a goddamn
huge bolt that goes in the center of
your bone it goes right through the bone
and screws in place and then you have
this new joint the first one I had was
brutal because the whole joint calcified
no it took him three and a half hours to
get it out
Oh God and they said they finally went
to like bring in the big hammer you know
they went from the shiny silver hammer
to get claws fuck you sledge out from
the truck and bring it on in you know
how cauliflower ear ear starts right
yeah I know what it is yet yeah the
braking cartilage blood it's blood blood
calcifies so blood becomes rock it
really turns into a rock you get that in
your nose and he's getting he had that
in his joint so he basically had rocks
in his joint completely calcified
that's fucking I wrestled for three or
four years like that yeah I'll show you
guys and we can come back talk about it
what I would do is no one can hear you
unfortunately we do this yeah yeah so
you you were putting so much torque in
that you were blowing your hip out of
socket so your left hip they were
rotating out of socket but it would Bend
the femur ball yeah fuck that I did it
for the doctor he's like oh my god cuz
when I first wouldn't have seen the dog
he's like how'd you get it I said well I
drove you guys know how'd you get to the
room I'm like I walked it's impossible
I've seen your x-rays there's no way you
can walk look I can't and I showed me oh
my god he runs out of the room am i okay
I know I got cancer I'm dying you know
that's the difference between a regular
person I want a guy like you like your
tolerance for pain is probably through
the fucking roof probably so accustomed
to recognize it yeah well obviously with
your arm broke and when you wanted to
keep wrestling don't you don't recognize
pain because it's just something you do
you know there were times in my career
with people like stuck
like it's okay I'm alright well it's a
lie because you weren't alright it's
just the adrenaline is flowing so much
you're so jacked on that shit you know
that's the real drug is a drug
adrenaline all right with that
no Jamie I'll show you how to put your
back in this I think the tension from
this spring-trap here will save your
life man now when you do in these
traveling shows he's doing them in
comedy clubs what are you doing how many
clubs bars hotel convention rooms
whatever that's got to be great for you
too because at the beginning of the film
one of the things that was evident was
that you missed you missed the whole
excitement of performing it was it was
missing from your life so now you've got
that back but also healthy healthy
positive and then also helping people
absolutely man and it's such a joy to
help people but it's you know when I
first went back man
because I abused myself so much my
memory was shot I could remember shit
yeah and then as I tell one story a
little glimmer will happen over here and
then then I'll talk to somebody in the
crowd and they'll mention I'm like I
didn't wrestle that guy the hell you
didn't yeah I don't remember wrestling
this guy doing this with that one and
they make him remember stuff he's like I
said now I got like 10 shows waiting at
first I had to really struggle to get
one show together did you write them all
out I did in the beginning
now I just write you know bullet points
and I can pull them back up which is so
nice to do you know because I was an
appointment with my speech wouldn't
finish sentences you know now I saw in
the film you did it with Mick Foley are
you doing them with Mick on the road no
no no I'm doing good ones now makes
great I never see my show have you no
not yet - shut up get in the car
Mack I opened up for MEC a few years ago
illuminated for me and you know god damn
sure never closed for me the area if
you're a wrestler I'd say maybe I can
get you on a TV squash match kid what's
the squash match that's when you just go
in and pummel guy for three minutes and
squashing laying out on the floor he
doesn't get to breathe you know so that
was like you tell another wrestler hey
I'll see if I can't get you in a squash
match
Epis like saying you know you're a piece
of shit I'm just gonna use you and talk
you over in a corner when it's done well
is that like a rite of passage do you
have to do squash matches then he's
getting gone a lot of guys don't know no
we did back in my day they started at
the bottom and you work your way up now
yeah guys you go to schools for three
months and yeah they never learned their
art well when you go into school to
learn wrestling this is not something
existed it didn't exist is it kind of
like school for standup exactly yeah I
think it's exactly like that
like there's there's classes that'll
teach you stand up and the good thing
about it is you get at least you start
doing it like whether or not you're
actually teaching anything is very
debatable and the things that they are
teaching is all in ring technique and
and Taj's and science right and the
thing that you know a die-hard wrestling
fans now miss with the product is
exactly what you specialized in which is
psychology cutting promos I mean he once
cut a promo
I remember against Hulk Hogan where you
said something like if you plant grass
grass will grow if you plant rice rice
will grow and if you plant fear in your
opponent's head in troubles of those oh
I'll tell you the best interview ever
did tell you know because back in the
day we'd have to do 70 or 80 interviews
back-to-back and the TV guys TV guys
used to fight for getting me because
they knew there's gonna be fuckin
cakewalk some guys you know like girls
my boy those guys
take 26 go ahead and they'd sit there
like pullin fuckin teeth but for me my
nickname is one take Jake yeah and I'd
say give me something though a word out
there and I do the whole fucking
interview out that word just fucking
around so I'm there one day I'm like I
got one yeah I got one okay Jake what do
you do just just so and you know what in
there like Oh Jake ah we're not getting
any sound here motherfucker did I tell
you just to roll it just so I do it
again making no sound for like 30
seconds they don't Oh tell the little
boys next to you that you're not scared
- Jake why time I just made you get up
and fix a television that wasn't broken
didn't you come to the TV like I said -
you did you couldn't fix it tell your
wife I said Wow
Jill's interview chills from head to toe
you sick fuck I do awesome the the life
that you were living you could probably
pull those dark thoughts out like other
people well we some oblique and I'd sit
in a bar man and write stuff down you
know and next day I'd pick it up reading
a hotline jaw what the fuck was I
thinking
you know I'd just horrify me but yeah
sometimes you can pull dark stuff out of
bad moments in life you know well you
had experiences I mean I mean just
trying to kill yourself with pills or
whatever the fuck you were doing me the
darkness that you had in your life like
my sister being murdered and shit and my
mother mother was a 12 year old girl and
her mother was dating my father her
mother was my grandmother passed out my
father
left that and went into a 12 year old
little girl's room
he raped her that's me that's how I got
started and then later in life my father
was raping my sister did not know it
so he raped his other daughter did not
know it always heard whispering so
people whispering and giving him the
evil item with the books a problem
they're not getting the ring with
somebody that had didn't knew my dad and
they beat the fucking shit out of me cuz
they hated him because I'd seen him some
of the shit that he did you want to
believe that of your own father God you
don't want to believe that do you
I was a girl that you met earlier Cody
she is the first daughter of mine that I
held in my lap she was 22 22 before I
would ever pick up one of my daughters
and set him in my lap because I was
afraid I'd turn into my father
I never wanted
be someone that abused a child because I
did nothing new what that shit was like
I knew what he did to my fucking head
I'm getting right and getting sober
learning to talk about it helps a lot it
makes it better
you don't cure it you know you never get
over it but I can deal with it now I
don't have to go medicate it went now
will you talking to these people that
you're also helping you medium that also
have these problems how many of them
have also been abused a lot a lot you
know what it's like to be sitting in a
comic-con and look out there and there's
people in your line and your eye contact
contacts a kid you look at the kid and
they look at you and you're like you
four motherfucker you're going through a
two aren't you and I can tell it I know
that fucking kids being sexually abused
you can see it can I hate that feeling
cuz then they get up to the front and
you're like trying to talk to them and
they're like shut down completely and
then the fucking asshole that's next to
it's probably doing the Bulls yet he's
wanting my Falcon attention man what
chance do I have him getting you ain't
good attention not much I keep going
back to the kid how can you tell you
just feel you know it he's smelly taste
it if you see the fear you know and you
see the way that the dad communicates
with them and you see their reaction
they won't look at you with their eyes
you know really hard to get them looking
me in the eyes man it really is no I
remember I told somebody one time that
probably the one thing that helped me in
my early life about going through all
that sexual abuse bullshit was I learned
that a lot at a very young age the
reason I learned that lies cuz it helped
him get me to a safe place
you know I learned to judge people and
their attitudes you know I knew what
buttons to push and what buttons not to
push with my stepmother I knew what was
a safe place
and if there were keywords that come out
from her I knew to fucking go hide I had
to start reading this shit then I had to
start coming up with storylines and
stuff to get me out of shit so I
wouldn't be put in the position to get
gotten again when you're earning that
shit at 12 and 13 brother you're getting
some fucking knowledge you know just
have to go through it no I don't know
brother
if there was ever a reason to bring back
the big one gas or bullets or whatever
hang
I think paintings perfect for anybody
that biscuits let's make a public fuckin
hang um fuck five years in jail fuck you
motherfucker let you dancing on the end
of a rope I get people's attention they
might stop some of it yeah I don't know
how to still what what would they do
that would stop it completely but it's
it's one of the the most disturbing
characteristics of people that that's
even possible a lot he wants to talk
nobody wants to talk about that shit
damn sure don't mmm because here's what
happens to the kid nine times out of ten
they raise their head and they say
something then this group comes in this
group comes in cops come in they say
this that's just that way he's probably
just exaggerating this that this you
have to go home with them oh fuck no oh
you can't put that kid back in that
house right well Jess you have now right
or you end up in an orphanage where
you're eating right together yeah who
does yeah once all these year at an
orphanage more than a predator and
that's the problem is a lot of kids that
get abused like that one of abusing
other kids absolutely isn't what you're
taught yeah Sandusky had that whole
charity for kids services whole like
that there's nothing up yeah I'm gonna
open up abused children's home that way
I know where to go get one I also knew
that the kids were damaged and they
would be used to it oh you know what we
what we call love it can be an ugly
thing you know sometimes a kid looks
to get his ass kicked because that's the
only type of love he knows that's true
you're a powerful man to have gotten
through all this and to be able to
express it so honestly to everybody I
mean that that that is an amazing thing
because the pain of your experiences has
not stopped you from expressing all of
the all the the downsides of it but also
that you've come out of it on the other
end in a very positive way I mean you're
a great guy to be around your funniest
shit you you have amazing stories and
you're clean now you know I'm funny the
room like this because there's not any
competition come on Joe just me and you
ready to go from here you know lapdogs
27 no that's amazing I just went it
really is I just want to help somebody
else feel what I felt yeah cuz I don't
want them should have to do the things
that I did to quit feeling because I'll
tell you it's a whole lot easier to pick
up cocaine and forget about it than it
is to go through counseling go through
this go through reliving it 25 fucking
times
you know you go into counseling and they
say okay tell us exactly how it happened
yeah I really fucking want to do that
what do you want me to do that so you
can go sit over there jack of what what
you're not on this that's what we're
thinking right what do you want me to
remember it I want to fuck the fucking
forget it
tell me I haven't forget it right don't
tell me how to remember it I got it down
what was ultimately what was ultimately
the thing that allowed you to stay clean
when you had faltered five or six times
whatever it was what was ultimately the
thing that allowed you to get past all
this and just embrace sobriety and being
healthy I think it was just realizing
that I wasn't going to fail this time
and that came from Dallas not giving up
woman see I was scared that he was going
to give up on me so it's almost like you
were failing so that he would give up my
soul I can
get that over with right I know it's
gonna hurt but goddamn it I can't deal
with this thought of how much it's gonna
hurt I'd rather it hurt right now and
you kick me out and then I can go over
here and get something that'll make me
forget about this bullshit so it's
always hanging over your head that
you're gonna fuck up
and finally when I realized no matter
how many times I fucked up there's
somebody gonna be there and again man
three years I don't want to live with me
for three years much less you dude night
when I texted him is that he's the saint
after I watch that that documentary I'm
like dude you're a saint he just wants
to help people man and you know I'm not
gonna sit here and hard sell his product
man the DDP yoga is singly the best I
can think and your mind he's gonna have
you eat good food diet no fucking diet
all we ask you to do is not eat certain
shit this by the way shit he's just
asking you step off a gluten a step off
dairy okay what's the problem with that
cheese okay you want cheese you gonna
have cheese you have sheep cheese and
goat cheese plate don't fuck you up like
cow cheese does well if you look at how
healthy the guy is in his 60 yeah and
how flexible he is and how how mobile he
is and we don't want to chop just like
him
his back is fucked up but he could do
everything and it's just because his
muscles are so strong all around his
back it's completely supported that's
the old story of you know if you if you
don't use it right yeah yeah from
listening from listening to him on your
podcast he talked about how he does in
Xtreme ten minutes stretching to start
his day and I've really really put that
in action stuff from animals he'll say
no watch this dog in the morning first
fucking kids up what does the dog do it
stretch its paws out in front of him a
narc set back now then you watch now
let's do this fucking work I wait a
fucking minute absolutely not move men
yeah
downward dog and you're doing the arch
in the back like a fucking cat what the
fuck you
yeah he's a smart man yeah yeah he's a
powerful man - I mean it just what what
he has in his head in terms of his
vision for helping people and how he's
able to see that through and that having
that accountability crib and and putting
everybody through these workouts on a
daily basis I mean the amount of time
invested in helping you guys this is
fucking amazing
and not just you guys but many many many
many people my only fear is gonna get
out there enough no he's getting out
here mark is look he we're helping a
whole other world that doesn't know him
that people have known about him more
and more I know you really appreciate
your show and what it did for him that
he said just fucking rocked rock because
that's feeding that abuzz I mean it's
feeding his keep going it really is true
doing something nice makes you feel good
yeah it doesn't really get talked about
enough there's Jim right now yeah right
see happy shit right there's a lot of
that well you know people are scared
they like watching fear-based things
because it you know if it bleeds it
leads but guess what if you're hurting
yeah well I think the problem is even
calling it news you know it's it's they
events you know but news is almost
always negative so you know it's calling
even calling it the news like what does
that mean news what's news this shit
happened hours ago it's not news this is
just events it's like the show is events
but what what what Dallas is doing is
showing people that there's another path
and in his his yoga program and just how
positive and energetic the guy is it's
contagious you know and having him on
the podcast meant the number of fucking
messages that I got afterwards of how
many people that benefited and how many
people started taking his program and
start taking his yoga or any yoga and
cleaning up their life and just inspired
by it it's amazing you know that makes
me very happy when I can help a guy okay
spread that kind of word that that makes
me very happy
yeah I just want to get out there I've
chosen this platform of doing these
shows and buildings you know cuz he
wouldn't do me any good to be in a
building with her
5,000 people because I can't spend time
with these money right but if it's a
hundred and fifty and a common claim
there's gonna be five or ten people who
want to talk hundred and fifty I got
time for that
yeah if it was five thousand be
overwhelmed because not because the show
goes shows easy they just fuckin
memories I pulled out and had some
jingle do it and twirl it around you
know say couple cute things and I'm done
yeah we're getting to there and that's
what you know that's the deal that's my
nut that's where I want you know when
it's been a good show when I go and talk
to a couple people and I can go back to
hotel room just like which is basically
the opposite of how you would go back to
hotel room when you arrest yeah I want
to forget now right now I'm doing shit
to forget about and you can go back and
chill I can go back in smile that's
beautiful yeah I'm getting the chin you
know I'm hoping that you know I've had
enough miracles happened to me in the
past four years to believe that there's
until one more miracle left for me and I
hope the hell I meet her soon cuz I
don't wanna I don't want to be alone
anymore man you see I did something
stupid I'm gonna tell you guys now a lot
of you guys listening like come on dude
you're killing my buzz man well maybe I
am man but I'm gonna tell you something
guys a woman is a great thing to have
but you can't have too much it's gonna
have too many I know I experienced that
I went from a small-town kid and
Gainesville taxes were if you got laid
twice a month by two different girls
you're a stud you know you're the man
and the double standards that we have
for women that if a woman goes out and
gets laid she's not a stud she's a whore
what the fuck's wrong with that it's us
well Jake went from small town til
bigger city star oh my god you name the
price you make it nice hey girl
you and your girlfriend come to a little
show for me use this toy that toy this
toy brainian the dog here comes the
clown because that's what he got it was
never enough it had to be one more idea
one more goofy thing to do with a girl
one more sexual position how many can
you do in one night what you do with the
donkey it's a joke bro we're friends we
have dates in Arakan anyway but other
words I fucked I couldn't fuck no more
because now I got a problem what's the
problem
you take some pretty weird shit to get
my fucking brain busy I went from having
that diva at home that foxy hot most I
could ever want to having to get my
shots stuff shots of fucking
testosterone so I can pray to get a
hard-on bored because there's none all
this outside stuff going into the night
fucking kidding me
you can't get will do anything for you
love you everything but this also had to
probably have to do with all the years
of doing steroids I mean your well your
body doesn't produce testosterone the
same anymore if you know years of
steroids yeah well I can still get the
wood betting he brought the doctor
fucking wood all day long the extreme
excitement but that might be part of the
issue the excitement was having it or
you right that's the cash not healthy
right
that's not very unhealthy right is the
king exactly so you got to into the kink
and then regular stuff wasn't
stimulating would not get me happy I
mean he has the old joke about the
couple that are in bed going what's
wrong honey we can't you can't fuck
anybody else either fuck you know you're
trying to think of somebody to get your
shit doing she's trying to think of
somebody to get her shit going and your
mom's living a fucking lie but I had to
abstain from sex for several years to
get the fire back
the fire is back but nobody wants to put
it out you can find a gal oh yeah yes a
gal i'm jake the snake' a woman he's
available women not girls girls stay
home what a woman I'm gonna experience
I'm gonna hook you up on a date with my
mom if I can get jake the snake' to be
my if I can get jake the snake' to be my
stepdad my life is complete her penis is
bigger than yours I'll take her probably
is okay and she has a pet donkeys all
right fix that back in one moment
I do want any dating apps or anything
well you know what an old-fashioned girl
he's a fashion way you just put it out
there in the universe right now to
millions of people so what's gonna
happen is at your show some will get a
lot of bullshit oh no no it's gonna be
these gals to think I'm the one they're
gonna tear down the hair up right now
yeah listen to this pot you're on right
now there's girls in the mirror right
now with a blow-dryer and a brush and
they're getting ready for jake the
snake' you on Instagram I got on the
zinnias in Nashville you got to check
those DMS we got to teach you how to
check your inbox yeah you do you check
your inbox box no you got to be careful
with the ones with the numbers after
their names
most of those bitches are fake if you go
to their pages and there's only two
photos and none of them have any text in
them don't get suckered don't get fished
given fished you know catfish you know
they got to be real careful trying to
fuck with you they're trying to get
money they're from Nigeria
we'll help you bro yeah but listen why
do I not feel clear where you're next
where where do people find your gigs and
we're gonna send this out there
all the women oh I gotta do man actual
women jake the snake' with ET on
instagram and you have a website yeah
jake the snake' roberts calm is there a
contact thing on there prepare yourself
for photographs just know that my
daughter will read them first okay
settle down latest pictures here we go
the snake Roberts man she's the best all
right brother listen this is an awesome
podcast I really appreciate you coming
in here your film is fucking fantastic
it's the resurrection of Jake the snake
it's fucking excellent Diamond Dallas
may 1st hours up we just did 2 hours and
20 minutes are you sure yeah flew by
Dallas goes fast for somebody sucking
your dick thanks by the way shoutout to
Dallas he's a fuckin amazing human being
young Tony Hinchcliffe tell people are
you gonna be next Dallas New Year's Eve
I'm gonna be in Baltimore you Addison
I'm doing a hyenas again just did a
bunch of just did 11 packed shows in
Texas for kill Tony's and five stand-up
shows and this week and we're doing
Dallas New Year's Eve me and Jeremiah
Watkins featuring for me two shows in
one night Baltimore at the goobies at
the end of November and those dates for
England are coming up on my website you
know probably at the end of this week
maybe someday you and I you got to be in
the same town now and me doing a good
show and you somewhere else yeah
absolutely absolutely and a positive no
he's a bad guy he's got it now yeah we
well some helpers I do wonders some
movies out there remember that not just
porn and I have a wrestling podcasts
type to get you on we do it at the
Comedy Store
we'll do it because you
I'm trying to get a deal with a club
there in Vegas because I'd like to do
the whole residency thing beautiful and
then have a podcast I live right there
the building listen man we'll help you
promote fuck yeah we'll put it on
Twitter and Instagram the whole thing we
all need to buy a hotel first and put me
into that fucking hotel doing my podcast
we're putting to the universe ladies and
gentlemen bring it to the see where
comes thank you sorry Q so much so much
man Tony edgecliff ladies and gentlemen
thanks
[Music]